About COVIDcast update (#542)
cmu-delphi/www-main: content/covid19/_index.md

  claims, covering more than 35% of the U.S. population, made possible through
  health system partners including Change Healthcare. 

4. We support and advise the U.S. CDC (in collaboration with the
  [Reich Lab](https://reichlab.io/)) on short-term COVID forecasting, which 
  includes creating and evaluating an ensemble forecast out of the models
  submitted to the [COVID-19 Forecast Hub](https://covid19forecasthub.org/),
  serving as the basis for the [CDC's official forecast
  communications](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/covid-data/forecasting-us.html).

## See Also

- [COVIDcast dashboard]({{< relref "covidcast" >}})
- [CTIS dashboard]({{< relref "covidcast/survey-results" >}})
- [Export data tool]({{< relref "covidcast/export" >}})
- [API documentation](https://cmu-delphi.github.io/delphi-epidata/api/covidcast.html)
- [R package](https://cmu-delphi.github.io/covidcast/covidcastR/)
- [Python package](https://cmu-delphi.github.io/covidcast/covidcast-py/html/)
- [GitHub repo](https://www.github.com/cmu-delphi/covidcast/) (see also
  [related repos](https://github.com/cmu-delphi/covidcast/#related-repos))
  
## Research Articles

> A summary of some key parts of COVIDcast can be found in the December 2021 PNAS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A summary of some key parts of COVIDcast can be found in the December 2021 *Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences*
```
since a lot of people may not know the acronym by sight, even if they do know of the journal

Special Feature: [Beyond cases and deaths: The benefits of auxiliary data

> streams in tracking the COVID-19 pandemic](https://www.pnas.org/cc/beyond-cases-and-deaths).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
streams in tracking the COVID-19 pandemic](https://www.pnas.org/cc/beyond-cases-and-deaths):
```
